Add support for 'exclude_files' configuration option (#6)
intel/code-base-investigator: docs/configuration.md

    codebase:
        files: [ <file-spec>,+ ]
        platforms: [ <platform-name>,+ ]
        exclude_files: [ <exclude-spec>,* ]

The `<file-spec>` is a string that specifies a (relative) path to files in the source tree. It can be a literal path to a file, or globs are supported (for Python 3.5 and later).  The files are expanded with respect to the `--rootdir` specified on the commandline at invocation, or the default, which is the working directory where Code Base Investigator was invoked.

`<platform-name>` can be any string; they are referred to by later platform definitions in the configuration file.

> The `exclude_files` entry is optional. If given, the contents (given by a list of `<exclude_spec>` file globs) will be excluded from all consideration by CBI during processing. This is useful if the globs in `files` end up being overly inclusive in large projects.

Reviewer: This is the only occurrence of "CBI" in this file (which surprised me); I think we should go with the full "Code Base Investigator" for consistency.
```suggestion
The `exclude_files` entry is optional. If given, the contents (a list of `<exclude_spec>` file globs) will be excluded from all consideration by Code Base Investigator during processing. This is useful if the globs in `files` end up being overly inclusive in large projects.
```
